---
title: India Part 1 - Arrival and PyCon India
places: India,Agra,Kashmir,Rajastan
start: 2017-11-03
end: 2017-11-06
state: draft
description: The beginning of my trip to India.
tags: travel
---

## How I got there

Most likely I saw PyCon on twitter make a post about PyCon India and I had been
working on a software boilerplate called Rjango. I decided to apply in October
and what do ya know I was accepted. I had about month till I had to be in India.
I've never been out of the country and had to get my passport and visa into
India.

## Getting there

I flew from Houston to Paris, had a few hour layover and then to Itially where I
had a 19 hour layover. Has some espresso and wine, snuck into the fancy members
only lounge for a bit then finally went on my way to India.

## Arrival

When I got there I had to go through customs. I exchanged some dollars for
rubbies and naturally bought some whisky at the duty free store. An interesting
thing about getting a sim card in India is that it doesn't activate for 12 or so
hours. So no way to get an uber. Thus I had to go outside and attempt to hail a
cab.

While attempting to hail a cab I met a cabbie who offered to show me around a
bit. Some pictures below

He mentioned I might want to check out the Tourist center. Being super jet
lagged I didn't really argue.

## Delhi Tour and Services

I arrived at Delhi Tour and Services around six in the morning, there I met
Danish who politely informed me that the room I had reserved in was not in a
great part of Delhi and promptly offered to let me stay with him and his friend
Moosah.

<Image src="IMG_0113.jpeg" />

Danish then smoothly talked me into a tour of northern india, I hesitantly
crossed the street to pull out a thousand or so dollars over a few transactions
which my bank didn't mind at all.

<Image src="IMG_0117.jpeg" />

After paying Danish sent me with one of the company drivers and we set off
accross the town while he finished up the work day.

## The Apartment

After getting dropped off I met Mooshi, the apartments stay in help on the
street carried my stuff up to the apartment for me. Moosah was also at work but
I met Noel who was seeing Moosah at the time. We spoke for a bit, I think at
this time its around 10:30 am IND or 9:30 PM CST. After shower I promptly
crashed until 7:50 AM.

<Image src="IMG_0118.jpeg" />

The next day (lot of this is based of the metadata in the pictures I took) where
I was greated by what would become my standard breakfeast when staying at the
apartment.

AN omlet with veg, naan and a chai.

<Image src="IMG_0127.jpeg" />

## Party Time

After breakfast Noel and I chatted and shared some whisky, which we get Mooshi
to drink a little (which may have not be super kosher). Noel then invited her
friend over and we partaked in

## Pycon India

Ironically the catalyst for this journey PyCon India is really but a footnote in
the larger picture. It was held in a small college and had a few interesting
talks

## Dinner after words
